feat: add endpoint info create/update information to API Quick Guide (#10)
easy-global-market/ngsild-api-data-models: API_Quick_Guide.md

For instance, here is an example of a Subscription to the previous Vehicule entity that sends a notification when the maxSpeed exceeds 180:

> Note: The endpoint info field contains optional information that is needed in order to correctly contact the notification endpoint, the key/value are included in the HTTP POST header. For instance this could be Authorization Headers in case of HTTP binding of the API. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: The `endpoint.info` field contains optional information that may be needed when contacting the notification endpoint, the key/value pairs are added in the header of the HTTP POST request. For instance this could be Authorization headers in case of HTTP binding of the API. 
```
